.TH XTERMSET 1 "Dec 2000" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
xtermset \- change settings of an xterm
.SH SYNOPSIS
xtermset [\-option ...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B xtermset
allows you to change the characteristics of an xterm window from the
command line. Most options have the same names as those that you would
give xterm at startup.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 8
.I \-store [<filename>]
This option will save all the other command line options given to the
filename. If filename is omitted then the options will be written to
~/.xtermsetrc.
.TP 8
.I \-default [<filename>]
This option will load options from the specified filename. If the filename
is omitted then the options will be loaded from ~/.xtermsetrc. Options
specified on the command line preceed those that are in the options file.
.TP 8
.I \-f, \-force
xtermset normally checks if you are using it on a correct terminal (xterm
(derivative) or dtterm (derivative). With this option you can override
this checking. 
.TP 8
.I \-T string, \-title string
Sets the window title.
.TP 8
.I \-n string
Sets the icon name.
.TP 8
.I \-fg color
Sets the VT100 foreground color.
.TP 8
.I \-bg color
Sets the VT100 background color.
.TP 8
.I \-mousefg color
Sets the mouse pointer foreground color.
.TP 8
.I \-mousebg color
Sets the mouse pointer background color.
.TP 8
.I \-tekfg color
Sets the Tektronix emulation window foreground color.
.TP 8
.I \-tekbg color
Sets the Tektronix emulation window background color.
.TP 8
.I \-cr color
Sets the text cursor color.
.TP 8
.I \-hc color
Sets the color for highlighted (selected) text.
.TP 8
.I \-fn font-spec, \-font font-spec
Sets the font.
.TP 8
.I \-geom geometry-spec, \-geometry geometry-spec
Sets the window size and position; see X(1) for details.
.SH FILES
~/.xtermsetrc
.SH SEE ALSO
bash(1), xterm(1), X(1)
.SH BUGS
.I \-geom
does not support offsets from the left or bottom of the screen.
If the
.I geometry-spec
isn't in the correct format, the output will be strange.
.SH AUTHORS
Breyten Ernsting (bje@dds.nl)
.br
Decklin Foster (decklin@home.com)
